This is our 5th meeting.
Each member discussed what they worked on since last time and what they are currently working on
  Chase: Has gotten over 100 unit tests for our main branch.
  Justin: Got the poster done and has worked on the installation documents to reflect the current state of the project.
  Andrew: Got frontend tests done.
  Mukul: AI chatbot has been implemented on the frontend.

We seem to have reached our goals for this project.
We have noticed that the contribution graph on main is wrong. It does not some half of the commits of some groups members. We think this has something to do with the git config with pushing.
We need to talk to the teaching staff about this
All groups members have done their part in this project and we and happy with how everyone contributed.
